Ayush Pandey Curriculum Vitae Current Address
Plot No.
Shastri Nagar Kanpur Uttar Pradesh 208005 INDIA. Permanent Address
Plot No.
Shastri Nagar Kanpur Uttar Pradesh 208005 INDIA. Passport No.
M8103020 Place of Issue
Lucknow Expiry Date 30032025 shub.
Objective
Challenging and rewarding suitable position in a growthoriented organization this offers diverse job responsibility in Mechanical Engineering New Product Introduction and will fully utilize my technical and managerial skills.
Education Qualification
Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering Seth Sriniwas Agarwal Institute of Engineering & Technology (U.P.T.U) Kanpur 2013 Awarded – (71.7%) First Class Completed XIIth standard in the year 2009 from Sardar Patel Inter College Kanpur (U.P Board) Awarded – (64.5%) First Class Completed Xth standard in the year 2007 from Ram Krishana Mission Higher Secondary School Kanpur (U.P Board) Awarded – (71%) First Class Employment History
Frontier Alloy Steels Ltd.
Kanpur U.PINDIA Design & Development Engineer in D&D Deptt.
June 2013 Present Understand and Study the complete component drawings.
Developing 3D Modelling and 2D drawings (with GD&T) of component and pattern.
Finite Element Analysis for stress strain and deformation analysis with the help of ANSYS software.
Casting Simulation to solve methoding and find out defects like shrinkage through ProCAST software before production.
Reverse Engineering Process.
Machining inspection.
Inspection of the products.
Defect analysis and then implement the ways to minimize present defect within short time.
Process planning & execution.
To lead the shop floor as per requirement.
When products are under development Deptt.
Maintain all the records as per international standards.
To develop different types of components.
Ayush Pandey +918765599273 shub.
Page 1 of 3 Special Purpose Machine to remove burs from sharp corner edges after machining.
Software Skill
Having Strong command on below given software for computer aided designing.
CATIA for 3D Modeling (PartAssembly) and Drafting both.
ProCAST for Casting Simulation to detect shrinkage air entrapment & molten metal flow.
UGNX for 3D Modeling (PartAssembly) Drafting & further analysis.
SolidWorks for 3D Modeling (PartAssemblyDrafting). ANSYS knowledge for Finite Element Analysis (Structural Analysis). AutoCAD AviCAD for Drafting.
Reverse Engineering.
Diploma in computer application.
Technical Skill
Excellent Skills in Designing (2D Drawings & 3D models). Excellent Skills in Casting Manufacturing Process.
Pipe Designing Reverse Engineering Computer Aided Designing Good presenter.
Plant layout design & development Process Planning Facility planning & documentations Project management risk management lesson learning and implementation Machine Specification and finalization Summer Internship
Summer internship in POWER GRID CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED of one month in 2011. Summer internship in P.W.D of one month in 2012. Summer internship in FRONTIER SPRING PVT LTD. on topic Manufacturing of Hot Coiled Helical Springs of one month in 2012. Major Projects
Current industrial project on CouplerKnuckle which are also using in wagons (Industrial Project Sep2014) (5 Team Members) Role
In this project I did all the designing & developing part of components such as drafting 3D modeling Casting Simulation for defect free casting Quality proof casting & Documentation.
Industrial Project on Draft Gear SL76 which are using in wagons (Industrial Project Nov2013). Role
In this project I lead the designing portion for this product.
Team Members) AUTOMATED FLEXIALBE TRANSFER LINE (College Project March2013) Role
In this project I completed all the designing part such as 2DDrawings 3DModeling.
Team Members) Running Project Coach Coupler with Balanced Draft Gear.
Ayush Pandey +918765599273 shub.
Page 2 of 3 Balanced Draft Gear is such type of shock absorber who sucks the load in buff mode and when the draw mode starts it releases the absorber energy.
It works on both draw and buff mode.
Using in LHB Coaches.
Team Members) Personal
Father's Name Mr.
Bal Krishna Pandey Date of Birth Place of Birth Kanpur U.P India Marital Status Unmarried Interests 26 October 1992 Sound Engineering Travelling Singing Languages
English Hindi Social Responsibility
Eco friendly practices.
Strength
Confidence Good Communication Positive Attitude Good Listener & Good Speaker Ability to established understanding in between team members for better future of both employees and organisation.
Principles
Honest & SmartHard Working Declaration
I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true of my knowledge and I'll work with full dedication and will help in raising the company.
Date
May2015 Place
KanpurU.P (AYUSH PANDEY) Ayush Pandey +918765599273 shub.
Page 3 of 3 Ayush Pandey +918765599273 shub.