Curriculum vitae Harshil N. Shah harshilshahhs@yahoo.
B.E. Mechanical Contact No.
Career Objective
Looking for a challenging career where I can prove my best of knowledge and professional skills and help me in broadening and enhancing my current knowledge and skills.
Education Detail
Degree Institut Board University Saurashtr University C. U. Shah College of Engineering and Technology.
Year of passin 2012 Percenta 60% Gujarat Board Gujarat Board Jivanbharti Pravrutti Vidhyalaya Jivanbharti Pravrutti Vidhyalaya 2007 51% 2005 69% Computer Skills AutoCAD (2d and 3d) Microsoft Project Microsoft Office Concerto BAAN PLM Realization etc.
Hobbies
Reading Books Writing Stories Dancing Puzzling Sports Hard Working Like changes and challenges B.E. in Mechanica Engineerin H.S.C S.S.C Helpful nature Flexibility.
Languages Known
English Hindi Gujarati Work Experience
I have 2.6 years experience in core mechanical field.
Experience details are
Currently working as a Planning engineer at HiTech Applicator since February '14 to till date.
HiTech makes TEFLON lined piping and all types of lined valves) Roles and responsibilities
Study pipelining drawings and preparing BOM. 2. Preparing Kick off meetings 3. Ordering requirement of materials.
Preparation and provision of specification sheets and job card.
Followup of ordered materials.
Deciding priorities and urgencies by communicating with customers.
Planning for production processes and loading different shops according to Previous loads and capacity.
Studding pipelining codes and getting information from ASME standards in different cases.
Deciding lining materials and thickness according to piping standards and requirements.
Preparing closing meetings and Manthan for individual project.
And many more.
I have worked as a Planning engineer at L&T Heavy engineering Hazira for one year.
Roles and responsibilities
Study of pressure vessels drawings with planning team.
Weld kg.
Preparing plate cutting layout and ordering.
Preparing activity break up for vessel.
Designing fixture if any required.
Preparing MSProject file and scheduling.
Preparing Heattreatment summery.
Preparation of tank rotator plans locking cleats plan subcontraction plan Dimension data capturing plan handling plans ball fixture positionar plan.
Planning and preparing for hydro test and PWHT plans.
Arranging meetings.
And many more.
I have worked as a Planning engineer at Micro Engineers for 6 months training + 8 months Current Salary
Expected Salary
PERSONAL PARTICULARS Address Date of Birth
Mobile No
Email Id
Ashray Park apt Nr.
Bhagwati apt Ambikaniketan Road Athwalines Surat.
PIN 395007. 16th December 1989 9428409159 harshilshahhs@yahoo.
DECLARATION I hereby do solemnly affirm that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.