Vijay Jawre Cell No
Email
Gmail.
Objectives
To obtain challenging position in Server Administration which will provide growth and learning opportunitiespermits to apply my experience quality of team work while completing challeging tasks assigned.
Summary of Experience
IT experience as a Desktop Admin and Remote Support Engineer and responsible for managing and supporting Desktops Laptops & Active Directory Server Administration and Hardware maintainance.
Implementation of Active directoryantivirus server Troubleshooting Windows 20002003Active DirectoryLinux Server problems.
Installation and Operating windowsmacintosh and linux operating system Installtion and Support activities of LAN and WAN Troubleshoot LAN and WAN network with various tools Creating and mainting email profile users with various client softwares Using remote control software tools (logmeinteam viewerAmmyy) to provide fault resolution and diagnosis Performing health checks on the server & managing and checking for hardware faults.
Checking Event Viewer logs time to time Planned downtime schedule for business units and providing them the outage information of service due to hardware replacement or reboot of server . Corrdinating with vendor for IT related issue such as mail server issueantiviushardware purchasedelivery and installtion Hardworking and willing to take on new responsibilities and respond to it Good Problem solving skills along with ability to maintain calm under pressure Educational Qualification
Qualification College Graduation in B.Sc.
Eletronic) Guru tech Bahdur College in JabalpurMadhya Pradesh Certification Organization Microsoft Certified Professional(XP ) Microsoft Professional Experience
Shriram Value Service pvt ltd.
Shriram value service is a IT support DATA centerHR consultant and BPO company.
SVS give support to one of the biggest shriram finance group.
I providing support shiram housing finance and shriram city both groups along with 30 Branchs.
Project Name Technology Role Period Shriram Housing Finance Ltd Mumbai Microsoft Windows Technical Support engineer Jan2012 to Jan2013 Key Activities
Provide Remote Telephonic and mail support to 30 branchs Support for Active directory access permissions related issues.
Server security monitoring and security related issue troubleshooting.
Managing IT hardware and software managment issues Backup Management Reporting and Recovery.
Network share creation Access & permission issue troubleshooting Monitoring all servers (Services CPU Memory and Disk space) Managing firewall and creating users and group in mail server Corrdinating with vendor for IT realated issue Identifying LAN faults and resolving the same Previous Assignments
Joined as Technical support excutive in Shriram Value service and providing support toMP region shriram city union finance ltd and shriram life insurance.
Project Name Technology Role Period Shriram City Union Finance Ltd Bhopal Microsoft Windows Technical Support engineer April2010 to June2011 Key Activities
Support for First Level of Messaging and Active directory support.
Creating New Users Groups & granting appropriate rights and permissions.
Managing User profiles permissions and applying group policy on servers.
Administration of Network Printers and Local printers Administration of Desktops and Laptops Support for Business Application and All Microsoft Products Installation configuration and troubleshooting of Microsoft Outlook.
Troubleshooting and fix windows Operating System problems.
Responsible for Virus and Spyware solution on remote workstations Antivirus installation and updating the virus definition file.
Installation configuration and Troubleshooting of MS Outlook Outlook Express and another mail clients Previous Assignments
Roland infotech private ltd is an IT solutions & services provide and HP autorised dealer.
Company deployed HP servers in NTPC Bilaspur where i take care of the server and along with i will take care Antivirus server.
Project Name Technology Role Period National Thermal Power Coorporation Bilaspur.
Microsoft Windows Server Support Engineer July2009 to May2010 Key Activities
Troubleshooting and fix windows Desktop Operating Systems problems.
Installation of application softwares & troubleshooting remotely on workstation.
Installation configuration and troubleshooting of Microsoft Outlook or mail client.
Responsible for remote desktop support Network maintenance such as login printing problems Troubleshooting of virus related problems using HIJAKTHIS Trend Micro AV MacAfee sas Implemented Trend Micro antivirus server in windows 2000 server Troubleshooting and replacing the PC Spare.
Identifying LAN faults and resolving the same Achiements
Implemented trend Micro antivirus in windows 2000 platform Implemented Lan network infra structure in Branch offices Personal Details Father Name  Date of Birth  Marital Status  Contact Address Mr.
K.L.Jawre 08July1986 Single CORanbir SinghH.No.
Secound floor Gali No4Chandu Park Sombazaar Delhi110051 Declaration I Vijay kumar Jawre here by declare that the above furnished information is authentic to the best of my knowledge.
Place
Delhi Jawre Date