Resume Ranjith Kumar.
K No.
Periyar St Mobile No.
Senguttuvan Nagar 8220049406. Menambedu Ambattur Chennai 600053. Mail Id
Objective
To pursue a challenging and an exciting career where I can leverage my skills to grow along with the company while being resourceful innovative and flexible.
Educational Qualification
COURSE INSTITUTION UNIVERSITY B.A. ECONOMICS D.G.Vaishnav College YEAR OF PASSING 20082011 2008 2006 PERCENTAGE OF MARKS OBTAINED 58.5% 72.5% 57.5% Chennai Sethu Bhaskara.
Mat.
Hr.
Sec.
School Chennai Ebenezer marcus mat.
Hr.
Chennai HSC SSLC Computer literacy
Account Languages Systat (System Statistics) Ms Office Tally9.0 Oracle HTML Statistical Analysis and Graphics.
TORA Tools for Operational Research & Analyst Work Experience
Working as a Customer Relationship Manager in Pelican Insurance Broking Pvt.
Oct 2014 – Till Date). Worked as Relationship Manager at FutuRisk Insurance Broking Pvt.
Ltd.
April 2013 sep 2014 ). Worked as Senior Sales Executive Officer at Cholamandalam Ms General Insurance Co.
Ltd.
May 2011 Mar 2013 ). Job Responsibilities
Manage all aspects of the insurance transaction by advising the client arranging and invoicing the policy and facilitating claims.
Provide consumers with choice in the marketplace since they usually sell the insurance products of more than one company.
Identify the exposure to risk that consumers face and protect them from that exposure.
Service the portfolios of existing clients and work to bring new clients on board.
Help consumers deal with loss by ensuring the claims process moves as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Prepare reports maintains records and keeps track of a client's changing needs by maintaining relationships.
Activities
Attended sales training programs in life insurance and general Insurance.
Personal Data
Name Ranjith Kumar.
K Date of Birth Gender Male Father name Kanniappan.
K Occupation Carpenter.
Nationality Indian.
Religion Languages known Hindu Read English Tamil write English Tamil Speak English Tamil Marital Status Single.
Declaration
I hereby declare that all the information given above is true complete and correct and to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place
Chennai Date